docs: add Qwen3.5 model guide and model-family hub (#2900)
NVIDIA-NeMo/RL: docs/guides/models/index.md

# Model Guides

Model-family guidance for post-training with NeMo RL. Each family hub links to
version-specific pages covering recipe selection, recommended generation settings,

> and known issues. Recipe YAMLs under `examples/configs/recipes/` remain the source of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and known issues. Recipe YAML files under `examples/configs/recipes/` remain the source of
```
